Update set-the-caller-id-for-a-user.md (#8861)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/set-the-caller-id-for-a-user.md

   $ObjId = (Get-CsOnlineApplicationInstance -Identity dkcq@contoso.com).ObjectId
   New-CsCallingLineIdentity  -Identity DKCQ -CallingIDSubstitute Resource -EnableUserOverride $false -ResourceAccount $ObjId -CompanyName "Contoso"
   ```

> **Note**: Configuring the -CompanyName attribute here does not guarantee all PSTN recipients will see it. For more information read: [More about Calling Line ID and Calling Party Name](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/more-about-calling-line-id-and-calling-party-name)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
> Configuring the -CompanyName attribute here does not guarantee that all PSTN recipients will see it. For more information, read the article [More about Calling Line ID and Calling Party Name](/microsoftteams/more-about-calling-line-id-and-calling-party-name).
```
